(graphcache) - Relay backwards pagination (#1311)
FormidableLabs/urql: .changeset/strange-scissors-swim.md

---
'@urql/exchange-graphcache': patch
---

> Fix relay-pagination would bug out when requesting overlapping pages through the last parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a Relay Pagination edge case where overlapping ends of pages queried using the `last` argument would be in reverse order.
```
